1697 - Step process:  previous/next step selects a disabled step (#1698)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Swaplist]` Fixed a bug where items were not able to drag anymore after make the search. ([#1703](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1703))
- `[Toolbar Flex]` Added the ability to pass in a `beforeOpen` callback to the More Actions menu (fixes a bug where it wasn't possible to dynamically add content to the More Actions menu in same way that was possible on the original Toolbar component)
- `[Toolbar Flex]` Fixed a bug where selected events were not bubbling up for a menu button on a flex toolbar. ([#1709](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1709))

> - `[Stepprocess]` Disabled step selected when using the next or previous button. ([#1697](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1697))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Stepprocess]` Added a fix to skip the next or previous step if the step is disabled. ([#1697](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1697))
```
